JEFF: Coming up on
"The Smoke Before the Fire"--
They're selling their children.
JEFF: Dance moms like you never
seen them before.
In her mind she is God.
Abby has always had a pretty big ego.
Maddie's success was not quite
as important
as her friendship
with the rest of the moms.
Holly, put that bitch on blast.
Dance class is cheaper than rehab.
- You fell off the curb.
- She pushed me off the curb.
I told you, you should have
sued the crap out of her.
People love Chloe and it drive her crazy.
All the moms have had
some Botox and filler.
JEFF: Last season,
"Dance Moms" ended in chaos.
ABBY: I'm done!
JEFF: And now, on a special
we call "The Smoke Before the Fire,"
we've brought Abby and the moms together
to see what's going on
as they head into the launch
of season three.
Over the next hour, everyone
will take their turn in the hot seat,
as our studio audience ask questions
you all want answers to.
(SINGING) Living on the dance floor.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
Hello. I'm Jeff Collins.
I'm the executive producer
of "Dance Moms."
I know you guys are excited to
start asking some questions,
so why don't we get to it?
First up, the lady who started it all,
Abby Lee Miller.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
So, Abby, how does it feel
becoming a little bit famous here?
I've been doing this for a long time,
Jeff, 30 years. Kids know me.
I go to a dance convention, I walk in,
they know me.
They know me because I've had winners,
so it's not weird.
This is what the moms say, though,
that you have a big inflated ego,
that you're more difficult
than ever to deal with.
If they think I've changed, they just
don't know me that well.
All right. Well, I got a little
bit of a curve ball for you.
So for the first time in the history
of "Dance Moms,"
we're going to let the studio audience
ask questions to the cast
and to you directly. Are you ready?
- ABBY: Yes.
- Who's got a question for Abby?
Abby, I was just curious
because everybody's always
talking about your love life.
Do you have a boyfriend?
I have somebody that
cares about me and loves me
and has a shoulder
for me to lean on.
Let's leave it at that.
Is that the guy you had your hand
on his butt in the tabloid picture?
Maybe, maybe not.
JEFF: Who else has
got a question for Abby?
Hi, Abby. I was just wondering,
do you really believe that the mothers
actually don't appreciate the opportunity
you've given their children?
I don't think they would appreciate
an opportunity if it landed in their lap.
They never were respectful. And I think
some of the moms, more so than others.
But as a whole, no.
Me, me, me, me, me.
I, I, I, I, I.
So, speaking of some
of the other dance moms,
tell me about your relationship
with Holly right now.
Well, you know, Holly claims to be
a teacher, an educator always.
But she left her job.
Now she's a dance mom.
She just always wants Nia
to process it
and to figure it out and this and that.
And I'm like, Holly,
we have 10 seconds here
to get on that stage
and do that number.
We don't have time to process it.
Good luck, Holly.
Holly, put that bitch on blast.
JEFF: Speaking of the mom
who's always referred to
as the rational one,
do you guys like to meet Holly?
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
- Hello.
- How are you?
How are you?
Abby and I were just
talking about her relationship with you.
And so I want to hear
your side of the story.
Right now I think the two of us
get along fairly well.
There are times I know
that I get on Abby's nerves,
and I also know that Abby really
doesn't really care what I think.
But I still feel
that it's important for me
to raise my concerns
or my perspective.
I want the audience to know
that even though
Holly may be angry and upset
and think I crossed some line,
she has a more ladylike
way of saying it.
- Her presentation is easier.
- Yes.
So it still goes in one ear
and right out the other. It's fine.
But at least she
doesn't come screaming,
you know, swearwords at me constantly.
Because Abby's a teacher and I was raised
to respect a teacher.
But that doesn't mean
teachers are always perfect.
I was never perfect as a teacher.
And I think one of the things
I was disappointed this summer
was that Abby-- Although she did
great things professionally on her own,
the children missed her.
Do you think she got a big head
from being photographed in the tabloids?
I think Abby has always had
a pretty big ego.
So is the hair.
Are ready to take some questions
from the audience?
- I'd be happy to.
JEFF: Yes.
Hi, Holly. I wanted to ask you which
one of your fellow dance moms
has made being the rational one
most difficult for you.
Oh, my gosh. Ooh.
There are times you get caught
up in the emotions
and you catch us off guard,
and you don't see the best sides
of us at all times.
And every one of us, every week I think--
See, that's her politically correct
answer.
- She's not going to give you the name.
- All right, Holly.
Thank you so much for taking
your turn in the hot seat.
Thank you, everyone. Thank you.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
All right.
Well, I've got a question for you.
You're not the only one
who's been out and about.
Because the dance moms
have been out with their kids
doing what's called meet and greets
without you.
- Yes.
- And I understand--
I don't know if it's so much
without me or behind my back.
[GROANS]
Let me explain with a meet and greet is
because
I don't think they really know.
After you've purchased a ticket
to the show and you come and see it,
you come to the stage door
and the cast comes out
and meets you, says hello,
takes pictures with you for free.
That's what a meet and greet is.
So what have the moms been doing
that's so much different?
- They're selling their children.
- Really?
Yes. It's like the zoo.
You know how you pay money
and you go in the zoo
and you watch them in a cage?
You take a picture of the animal.
That's kind of how it is.
What's wrong with them making
a few bucks?
They're already making a few bucks.
Kelly's never had a job in her life.
I think she worked at the
Clinique counter for two weeks.
We've got a few more
questions from the audience.
Yes, ma'am.
Abby, you have attacked Kelly
multiple times on the blog
saying that you wish
she'd leave your studio.
- Do you still feel that way, and why?
- Yes.
I think that I'm never
going to please Kelly.
And I think she wants her kids
to be mediocre.
Her kids have been
blessed with a talent.
And I think for them
not to use that talent
and not to pursue it is very wasteful.
And I don't agree with her parenting.
One last question for Abby.
They say you wrote the editor
saying that Christi was pimping
out Chloe.
- Did you write this letter?
- Yes.
AUDIENCE MEMBER:
Why do you feel that way?
I think Chloe needs to be in dance class,
not having a spa treatment
with some kid for 85 bucks.
JEFF: All right. Let's find out
what Christi has to say.
You guys ready for Christi?
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
So, Christi, how do you really feel
about Abby?
Well, I'm not surprised
that Abby said the things she said
because Abby makes things up
in her own mind.
She doesn't bother to find out
the truth and ask questions.
So that's her perception of reality.
And the reality that we know
is completely different.
We could sit here
and explain it to Abby all day,
but it's not going to change
her opinion of what is true.
Because in her mind she is God.
And she tells us every day.
So is it true over the break you guys were
out doing lots of meet and greets?
Let me explain a few things
about the meet and greets.
You know, Abby has one
perception of what a meet and greet is.
- No. I know what a meet and greet is.
- No.
You know what your version
of a meet and greet is.
That is the real version
of a meet and greet.
No. It's my turn. Quiet.
Contrary to what Abby believes,
the children are really
who America wants to see, not her.
And so we were taking our
children out to these meet and greets,
and 5,000, 6,000 people were showing up.
It was an unsafe environment.
We started doing a ticketed event,
where somebody had a ticket.
- And what Abby has been--
- Somebody buys a ticket.
- Yes. Somebody buys a ticket.
- Clear that up.
But let's explain
what the money is going to, Abby.
Okay, the money is going
to paying for security.
The hair, the shoes.
- Excuse me.
CHRISTI: People want to see our kids.
So you know what?
She was off in LA, you know, being a star.
- All right.
- Wait a minute! Wait a minute.
How dare you?
JEFF: okay.
I have a woman sitting right up there
that was at a dinner party with me
when somebody walked over and said,
"Abby, are you feeling better?"
And I said, "What are you talking about?"
She said, "We went to a meet and greet
and Christi announced to everyone
that you were ill,
and you were in your room
and you couldn't participate."
- That's a complete lie. I never said--
- No, it's not.
No, it is, Abby. Again, you're making
things up in your own head.
Because I don't talk about you in my meet
and greets because you are nothing!
All right, guys. So, Christi.
Take a breath. Take a deep breath.
- Oh, she's really upset.
- I know she is.
- It's your turn to be in the hot seat.
- Yeah.
So who is first up asking
a question for Christ?
Hi, I noticed that you blocked Abby
from your Twitter feed. Why?
Yes. Wouldn't you block that?
Because I deal with
her comments every day.
I don't want to go home at night
and listen to her comments online.
Because she was obsessed
with my Twitter for a while.
Everything I would Tweed,
she would comment on.
- I don't want to deal with it.
- All right.
Who else has a question for Christi?
Sir.
You said on the show that your husband
referred to Abby's studio
as the Antichrist of childhood.
- Yes.
- Why did he say that?
And what does he think of the show?
My husband thinks that
everything that she stands for--
And Abby hates my husband.
I will be the first to say it.
She hates him because he told her that
she is too nonsensical to even talk to.
And that really struck a chord.
No, I hate him because he
doesn't support your child
or come and watch her dance, ever.
And he showed up in Las Vegas
at a black tie banquet
with a pair of shorts and flip-flops on.
My husband never came to that banquet.
She's making things up.
He sat outside because he
was too cheap to buy a ticket to walk in!
You're full of [BLEEP], Abby.
You know nothing
of what you're talking about.
How much money in the world would it take
to send your kid back to someplace
that you felt that way about?
Huh? If it feel--
If he feels that strongly--
If my dad felt that strongly,
I wouldn't be back there.
You're perfect and everybody else
is stupid and not perfect.
All right. So the next dance mom
were about to bring out
has a 30-year history with Abby.
Question on everyone's mind,
including my own--
is she staying at the Abby Lee
Dance Studio or is she going?
Kelly, come on out.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
Kelly. How are you?
KELLY: Yes? I'm fine, thank you.
JEFF: It's great to see you.
- You, too.
All right, Kelly. We ended last season
and you were very, very angry.
We didn't know
if you were coming back.
Would you really leave
the Abby Lee Dance Studio?
As a mom I just feel like
I'm taking my kids there
for an extracurricular activity
to get their spirits broke.
For the past 42 weeks,
my kid has been shown bad.
- What do you have to say about that?
- Like, they look at me like I'm crazy.
Because I flip out. But, like,
how much do you think I can take?
JEFF: So, Abby, do you feel like that's
an accurate answer? Do you buy that?
You know, it's hard to give you
a quick little short answer.
It's 30 years of history.
I think Kelly was pretty, she was tall,
she had a mom and dad who didn't butt in.
And I think she could have done something
with her dancing
besides work at the mall, get married,
have two kids.
But she decided
that she wanted to be a mom.
- And that's fine.
- So what's wrong with that?
So now she has three beautiful children.
She brings Brooke to the dance studio,
carries her on her hip
till she's nine years old,
and Brooke was a star.
Brooke and I have a very close
relationship.
And we still get along great,
Brooke and I.
If Brooke doesn't want to work
and Brooke wants to work on her academics
or this or that or with everything,
I respect that.
That's fine and dandy. Don't take a spot
up on the competition team
if you want to do other things,
give that spot up
and let some young kid that really wants
to do this for a living do it.
- All right. Okay, understood.
- And I think that's selfish.
So, Kelly, tell us where your
relationship is right now with Christi.
What's going on?
How are you guys doing?
I think that Melissa and Christi
have started a new jewelry line,
and I kind of feel left out of that.
- Yeah. Why wasn't it your kid?
- I know nothing about that.
So I'm sitting here
with Abby Lee Miller.
So, Abby, you've never shied
away from criticizing Chloe.
Why are you so critical of Chloe?
Because, once again--
meeting, greeting, selling, jewelry line--
the poor kid can barely
do a left split anymore.
I have put tons and tons of work
into Chloe.
Two years ago, that kid was Junior
Miss Dance of Pennsylvania.
She has regressed. It's horrible.
My daughter is amazing.
She just wants her not to ever have any
opportunities from the show.
JILL: She will, and she does.
- But she won't!
- If Abby keeps saying that about her.
- You know what?
Look what Abby's saying about her kids.
People are going to get it.
Hopefully, Chloe is going
to come out here and be strong
and wonderful
and do what she knows to do best.
All right. Let's welcome Chloe, performing
her national title winning dance,
"I Love Only Silence."
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
(SINGING) I love only silence here.
There is noise all the time.
I love sunny landscapes.
I love the sky.
Pale blue, pale pink
or a calm white--
Here the buildings are so high.
Pale blue, pale pink or a calm white--
here the buildings are so high
that one sees nothing.
Oh, if I-- oh, if I-- if I
could rise up and
annihilate all those ambitious countries.
Oh, if I-- oh, if I-- if I
could rise up and
annihilate all those ambitious countries.
I await the great
woman who will save.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
Chloe, that was fantastic.
Absolutely fantastic.
Yay! Beautiful.
So, Abby, last year we noticed
that there was a shift
about to happen between you and Melissa.
Melissa gets close to people very quickly.
I should have been smarter.
I should have been guarded.
We've got a few more questions from
the audience on the subject of Melissa.
So who's got a question for Abby?
Hi, Abby. Now that Melissa
doesn't work at the desk,
do you still give Maddie
special treatment?
First of all, Maddie never
received special treatment
because Melissa worked at the desk.
Maddie received special treatment
because Maddie's a special kid.
She was on time. She was prepared.
She was well rehearsed.
That kid walked into the studio
and she was a sponge.
Those were open to every child.
She's the one that took advantage of them.
Now, I know that you have
every intention in the world
of turning Maddie into a star.
- I want a whole studio full of stars.
- I know, but Maddie in particular.
A dream is for your choreography
to look better than you ever imagined,
and Maddie does that.
She takes it and she makes it her own.
- Not too many kids do that.
- All right.
Let's see who else has a question for you.
Yes?
I was wondering currently, is Melissa's
loyalty to you or the other moms?
Her loyalty is definitely
to the other moms.
What do you mean that her loyalty
is with the moms instead of you?
Melissa is a great dance mom.
She's there, she helps all the children.
She's even paid for other kids lessons
who couldn't afford it.
So now it's become more important
for her to be friends and chums
with the girlfriends
than it is to be a good mom for Maddie.
Who defines what a good mom is?
You know what? You know what I think
the definition of a good mom is?
The way your child is. And Maddie's
a good kid, so you're a great mom.
- Thank you, Christi.
- She's a [BLEEP].
When you put your kids second and
your girlfriend's first, that's a problem.
All right. Before you say too much more,
why don't we just bring Melissa out
and find out what she has to say?
Sure. Bring her out.
Please, Melissa,
don't you sit there and cower to her.
Stand up for yourself.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
- Hi, Melissa. Thanks for coming.
- Thank you.
It's really good to see you.
All right, so let's just cut to the chase.
Are you closer with the moms now or are
you still as close as you were to Abby?
I am closer to the moms.
And, you know, it makes my life easier.
Because I would go home at night
and Maddie goes, Mom,
why didn't the moms ask you
to go to dinner with them?
Why are you always sitting by yourself?
And it hurts my kids.
Are you ready to take some questions
from the audience?
All right. So who has a question
for Melissa? Yes.
Hi, Melissa. I was wondering-- do you have
any fears about this upcoming season?
And is there anything that can happen
that you might be afraid of?
One of my biggest fears--
I actually dream about this at night,
is Mackenzie getting hurt.
But if she has her arms by her ears
and does it correctly, she won't get hurt.
But if she doesn't listen,
she might get hurt.
And she doesn't listen
quite like Maddie does.
- Mackenzie's her own little self.
- All right.
Well, god forbid, we don't want anything
to happen to Mackenzie.
- So who has a question for Melissa?
- Hi, Melissa.
Will you get married on the show?
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
Would you guys like to see
Melissa get married on the show?
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
Could you-- I mean, can you imagine
how perfect that would be,
seeing Maddie and Mackenzie walk down
the aisle standing next to their mother?
It would be a lovely thing.
So, come on, Melissa.
- Are you gonna get married on the show?
- I don't know.
I'm going to get married pretty soon,
hopefully.
- And, woo, how about that bridal party?
- One more time.
One more time, come on.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
Yup. That's gonna be one drunk reception.
So our next answer got a standing ovation
the last time she did this number.
So let's give it up for Nia performing
"Working Girl."
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(SINGING) Hi. I heard y'all was hiring.
Yeah. You see, my name is Laquifa.
Can you see this tattoo
right here on my chest?
I get my credentials
from the street, baby.
Clock the hair. Clock the hair.
Clock the mug. Clock the mug.
Clock the nails, clock my skirt.
You better get into to it.
Clock the bag. Clock the bag.
Clock the shoes. Clock the shoes.
Now punch the clock.
It's time to work.
Move over, amateurs,
taking mine, taking yours.
Uh, someone better hold my purse.
Mm-hmm.
Figure it out like Nancy Drew.
Catch on quick like hallelu.
Come on, check me, boo.
Not you. I'm a pro.
Pro. I'm a pro.
Uh, I am a professional pro.
I'm a pro. I'm a pro.
I am a professional. Work.
I came to work. Uh-huh.
I came to work.
I told y'all I was a professional.
Work. Uh-huh.
I came to work. I came to work.
Uh-huh.
See, I am a professional. yes.
Haters cannot touch my drive.
References? I'm a pro.
Pro. I'm a pro.
I am a professional pro.
What? I'm a pro.
What? I came to work. Uh-huh.
Can you see my badge?
I am a professional
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
It was good. I couldn't see all of it.
It's, like, high energy. Nia does well
with high energy, I think.
That was fantastic.
So, Abby, let's talk Jill.
So I heard that recently
Jill has been doing a lot
to try to get in your good graces.
Yes. Jill's a good customer.
She pays her bills on time.
She does what she's supposed to.
So is she trying to work her way
to the top of the mom pyramid
to become your favorite mom?
I think she wouldn't mind filling the void
that Melissa left.
- Seems like it.
- Mm-hmm.
So because Kendall
has been at the studio,
what should we expect to see
from her this upcoming season?
While the other kids are stagnating,
Kendall is improving.
Kendall is only nine years old,
so you have to keep that into perspective.
She is a beautiful child.
So I think we're going to see
Kendall kind of break out of her shell
and maybe move on up that pyramid.
All right. So the one thing I can
say about our next guest
is she's unpredictable.
She's sometimes provocative.
And every time I see her she's got
a new hairdo and a new dress on.
- Let's meet Jill.
- Am I supposed to be down there?
- Be the bitchy Jill.
- Yeah. It takes a while.
- Look at me.
I'm a total wrinkled mess
and I hate my hair today.
Well, you could change the hair color
on your way down.
[LAUGHTER]
You change that as much
as you change studios!
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
- It's me. I'm good. It's good to see you.
- How are you?
See, I told you, she always has
a new dress and a new hairdo.
I know, and it's not a good hair day,
I'm just saying.
All right, so let's cut right to the
chase.
Why are you trying so hard to
become Abby's new favorite mom?
This is who I am. I'm a dance mom.
And my goal is to get
the best for my children.
When I first met Abby she said,
"I am the best for your children.
Bring them to me, I'll make them stars.
I'll do what I can for them."
And so far, she has. Now, her delivery
sometimes is a little rough.
And we've had-- you know,
it gets a little volatile.
But I was really pleased to hear you say
how you have seen Kendall grow.
I needed Abby to see that.
And I think it took a while,
maybe a whole season,
for her to realize
Kendall really has a lot of potential.
So because Kendall was in class--
kudos to you. Good girl.
Well, she wants to be there, though.
I mean, she wants to dance.
But it take-- you know-- It takes two.
So she just said that those other kids
don't really want to be there.
- That's what I heard.
JILL: Did I say--
JEFF: All right. Back to--
so back to Kendall.
Where do you expect to see Kendall
on that pyramid this season?
At the top.
Okay. But the whole time that Kendall's
in class,
Jill's visiting mommy at Candy Apples.
Jill's a studio hopper.
I think every kid in there--
correct me if I'm wrong--
have been at the top of that pyramid
except one, Kendall.
JEFF: All right. Well, let's hope
that happens this season.
JEFF: So, Jill, everybody's taken their
turn in the hot seat. It's your turn.
- I know.
- So who has a question for Jill?
Hi, Jill. Kendall beat Chloe at one of
the competitions prior to Nationals.
So why was she able to compete
during Nationals?
That's a good question, before Nationals,
the plan was you had solo week.
Whoever did well that week
got the solo for Nationals.
And Kendall, as you know,
had beaten Chloe.
She should have had the solo,
and she didn't get it.
All right, so let's take one more question
who else has a question for Jill?
Hi, Jill. On the show you state how much
money spent on counseling.
Would you suggest that
for any other dance moms?
Well, actually, it--
it was kind of a joke.
I really don't send my kid to counseling.
- Hey. Dance class is cheaper than rehab.
JILL: Than rehab.
These questions have been way too easy.
You ready for one more?
All right, come on.
Somebody ask a tough one.
Hi, Jill. The bloggers are obsessed
with your many looks on the show.
Well, those many looks go
with those many personalities.
I was just curious--
have you had any work done?
- Well, I-- I know. Wow.
- Whoa! Whoa.
I have not had surgery.
And if I did, I wouldn't look like this.
I'd look amazing.
You know, just your typical--
and I think all the moms on the show
have had some Botox and filler.
Yeah. We talk about it. I mean--
I'm not a mom.
All right, so I've got a question
for Abby.
So, Abby, what's going on between
you and Cathy right now?
I don't-- is she still eating my dust?
I don't know.
We went to Nationals. We won.
She conceded. She said, hey,
the number was excellent.
She walked out. Frankly,
I thought I'd never see her again.
JEFF: And then what happened?
Well, you invited her to come on the show.
That's for sure, I did.
So our next guest is someone I like to
call the Sue Sylvester of "Dance Moms."
She burns up the blogs
when she's on the show.
She's our favorite little Candy Apple.
All the way from Canton, Ohio,
it's time for Cathy.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
JEFF: Razzle dazzle.
- Having a bad hair day, honey.
- So are you.
- You're having a bad hair day.
I hate the bitch. I hate her.
JEFF: We've missed you, Cathy.
- You missed me? Oh, good.
- Well, I did, anyway.
- I haven't.
- I know you haven't.
- So listen.
So before we get to it-- so, Cathy,
you had a very difficult
competition season last year.
And yet you are
determined to beat Abby.
And she just said before you came out here
that you were eating her dust.
So are you going to beat her this year
or what?
Well, there's opportunities for me
to have my group compete against her.
But that one single little win
just burned my fire.
So it's just made it ignite,
and I got a taste of that victory.
You know,
every dog has their day, so--
I think she might beat you this year.
What're you going to do she beats you?
The way these kids are rehearsing
and missing class
and away every weekend
doing that their thing--
absolutely she probably can beat me.
And don't you love
the way she framed that?
The way she's gonna beat you because she
has--
- Sure. She's got a justifiable excuse.
- --creatively, artistically? No.
Oh.
I'm here on the stage with Abby, Jill
and Cathy.
But first we have another performance,
and it's from the little girl
that Abby says makes her invincible
when it comes to the competitions.
So, Abby, I'm going to let you do
the introduction for this one.
I would love to introduce Maddie
performing "Piece of My Heart."
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(SINGING) I wonder if you
ever thought of me
and how I'm doing.
And I wonder if you ever said,
"Gosh, I miss her,
and I just threw it away."
But it's all right.
'Cause you still have
that little piece of my heart.
And it's all right 'cause I was strong
and I let you go.
But you will always have
that little piece
in my heart.
I wonder if you ever
thought of me
and how I'm doing.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
JEFF: Thank you, Maddie.
That was absolutely fantastic.
- Cathy, you just saw Maddie perform.
- Mm-hmm.
Tell us your professional opinion.
I definitely think that Maddie
is a natural talent.
There's no doubt about that.
But, you know, I just think that Abby
puts a lot of stock in Maddie.
And I think that maybe sometimes she
should look beyond her horizons
to other dancers and maybe not--
- Do you mean from other studios?
- No, not from other studios.
Because that, my dear,
would be soliciting,
which you always accuse me of.
Not at other dance studios.
You have some fine talent
in your own studio
that maybe get off the moms
and try to focus more on the kids.
Cathy, you have never
said anything in the world
that I agree with,
and I agree with that.
Cathy, everybody's taken
their turn in the hot seat.
- It's your turn to be in the hot seat.
- Oh, gosh.
JEFF: So who has a question for Cathy?
Hi. There's some rumors out there
that Christi
choked you at last year's Nationals.
- You want me-- you want me to answer?
- That's a hot question.
Okay, yes.
And I told you you should
have sued the crap out of her.
JILL: Yeah, but why,
why did Christi choke you?
- Who instigated it?
- Christi-- All right.
It was our last competition of the season.
- They had just lost badly.
- Okay.
- I'll just let her answer.
- Go ahead.
The ALDC girls were chanting, you know,
rotten apples
and all the apple jokes that we hear.
We were changing one, two, three, we
are Abby Lee, which we do all the time.
- No. No, you were not.
- Outside in front of the theater.
ABBY: Yes, we were.
- After we had won.
- You were yelling ALDC, ALDC.
- It was a celebratory chant.
No, it was not. It was directed
directly to us. Anyhow--
Do you want me to answer the question?
Then you need to tell these ladies--
Oh, excuse me.
You need to tell these broads
to shut up.
Okay.
So, anyhow, as I was saying--
Do they even use that word,
broad, anymore?
- That's, like, from the olden days.
- It's from the 1920s.
Well, you're not too far behind me,
and neither are you.
Okay. So, anyhow,
Christi was on me, you know,
on those sparkly
high heels that she wears.
And I had a bottle of water,
and I thought,
oh, if she comes near me
it's going on her.
Because Sparky needs cooled down.
So I unscrewed the lid--
Well, you also know when you throw
the water on the witch they melt.
You're right. Thank you.
And there she was,
and I turned around
and threw the water at her.
And then she did this.
You know, if you watch the show,
this is always in people's noses.
- You know, always in people's noses.
- All right. They get the point.
And I slapped her hand away
and she came after me.
You wait. I'm going to choke that bitch
when we go out there.
[LAUGHS]
- I'm kidding.
- I know you are.
I'm like, please don't say that.
Can you choke Abby instead of Cathy?
And I had bruises on my clavicle bone.
- Well, she-- you fell off the curb.
- Well, she pushed me off the curb.
- But she didn't come after you.
- Yes, she most certainly did.
She pushed me right into a tree.
I just want to know where were my cameras?
But what did they say about her
choreographer who was chastising--
KELLY: And swearing at our kids.
- --and swearing at the kids.
Who else has a question
for Cathy in the audience?
Hi, Cathy. Are we going to see
Vivi dance again?
I would love to see Vivi blossom
into a fabulous dancer,
and I'm going to use all of my resources
to help her go at her own pace.
No word from you?
Hey, when you show up with Vivi
and we put her against Mackenzie,
that's all the words I need.
I think the biggest mistake you ever made
was taking Vivian out of my studio.
Oh, but Abby, I own my own dance studio.
I know. I teach lots of other dance--
I'm not going to-- I'm not going to leave
my child with you.
So how about one more
question for Cathy?
Does anybody else have a question?
We've been reading that you are going
to get new dancers to try and beat Abby.
Is this true?
What I need to focus on is what
I'm going to be doing this season.
And I'm exploring my options.
How many of you guys love it
when Cathy is on the show?
I mean, come on.
I think you're the one
that should be called Sparky.
So, ladies, let's switch gears
here for a second.
It's time for one of my favorite dancers.
And I can't help it,
because she's the youngest one.
Give it up for Mackenzie,
who has a solo for us.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(SINGING) You're the toffee apple
of my eye,
sweeter than a sugar daddy.
You're the sun that
brightens up my sky,
even when the storm
is making it hazy.
Ring around me, Daisy.
You better get unlazy.
No matter what, I still want you.
I feel fine.
I feel fine and dandy.
You're the one I want possibly, maybe.
I'm so into you, baby.
You got me skipping double dutch
and making daisy--
I'm so into you, baby.
You got me skipping double dutch
and making daisy chains.
Daisy. Daisy chains.
You got me making daisy chains.
Daisy. Yeah, I do.
You got me making daisy chains for you.
For you.
I made you a bracelet.
Yes, you do.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
JEFF: All right. As you can see, Abby
and all the moms
have been reunited on the stage.
And they are preparing for a season
of big reveals,
big alliances, and new rivalries.
This next introduction is
for a group performance.
It's all of our girls here together
performing one of Abby's award winning
controversial group numbers,
"My Final Text."
So take it away, girls.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[SIREN BLARING]
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
JEFF: okay, there you have it, the
National Grand Champion winning routine.
So, Abby, this next question is for you.
So we just finished doing the competition
elimination show this summer,
where you got to eliminate people.
If we could change the rules around
and you could eliminate one of these moms,
who would you eliminate today?
I think that would be a five-way tie.
I'd keep the kids
and I'd send them all packing.
Moms, do you think Abby would be
as successful as she is without your kids?
I think that it's a symbiotic
relationship,
that Abby needs our girls just as much
as our girls need Abby.
In the world, people know your name
because of what the girls have
been able to produce
based on what you have taught them.
Whoa! Wait a minute!
Are there dance teachers here?
A lot of people knew Abby's Girls.
I had Abby's Girls before
you guys were even pregnant.
- And giving birth to children.
- But they were Abby's Girls.
They weren't Abby.
So, Christi, when you were
out here before and you left,
you seemed visibly upset.
I sat there and I watched this woman
rip my daughter apart,
again, on national television.
She had nothing negative to say
about Nia, Mackenzie or Maddie.
She had horrible things about Chloe
because she is jealous
that Chloe has a fan base.
And I will tell you this.
People love Chloe
and it drives her crazy.
She's the underdog. Everybody loves
the underdog. Look at Rocky.
So, Christi, do you ever feel like
that you take things too far?
Is it true that you tried to choke Cathy?
No. There-- there was a lot of
stuff going on that night.
I think it was Tanya
who pushed you off the curb.
I lunged for you, like this.
But I think it was Tanya
who actually put the fingers on you.
No. Tanya was the one that pushed--
that got you off of me.
No, Cathy.
I never connected with you.
Tanya was the one that got you off of me.
Abby can't wait to have me arrested.
I know.
So does anybody else have anything they
wanna get off their chest before we leave?
- Everyone's replaceable.
- Yes.
I know. Replace me.
- Melissa, you've been awfully quiet.
- You know I, always try to find light.
And I said I always have a love for Abby.
My kids adore her.
I think anybody that watches
the show can agree
that Paige is probably the one
that Abby picks on the most.
And, like, Paige had her communion.
We wrote out 200 invitations,
and to her grandma,
and to everybody.
And Paige just wrote everybody's name.
And for Abby's
she put a big heart on it.
And, like, because all Paige wants
is Abby's approval,
even though she's mean to her.
We've got to wrap this up right here.
So, hopefully, we're going
to be able to resolve some of these things
in the season that's coming up.
Now, look, I know tonight
things got a little heated.
But this was only the beginning.
It's time to take a look at an
exclusive sneak preview
of what will be one of the
most volatile, chaotic,
drama-filled seasons of
"Dance Moms" yet to come.
So thanks for all of you
ladies for being here.
And thank you at home for watching.
(SINGING) My world is with my girls,
living on the dance floor.
JEFF: Coming up this season
on "Dance Moms"--
Who would like to be on this particular
team of the Abby Lee Dance Company?
I have two spots.
HOLLY: The team is not the same
as Kelly, Paige and Brooke.
No. I don't want to go back.
I'm just done with Abby
torturing me and my kids.
Year after year her kid won a title.
Now she [BLEEP] all over that title.
Hit the road, Jack.
There's always another kid, always.
Anybody from Michigan,
Ohio, New Orleans, Chicago?
HOLLY: Hundreds of people showed up
for this open audition.
I'm gonna keep you, you--
What if she finds someone better,
cuter, more talented?
Shall we get our cat claws ready?
Hi. Who are you?
ABBY: Well, welcome, star.
- Thank you.
They have warned me about her.
She's not all she seems.
You hear a lot of things,
but that's not true.
Be grateful that Sophia
has joined our group.
Look how thrilled I am.
ABBY: Everybody wants to be a superstar.
We need to do some sort of initiation.
We could put E6000 in her eyelash glue,
because she's wearing eyelashes.
You know, like, the boy bands?
Well, you're my boy dance group
that I've put together.
I need it to come from the heart, guys.
We are here to beat Abby Miller.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There's some kids on thin ice.
Kendall, you know what? You're done.
Why you have to do this,
I don't understand.
'Cause you get too big for your britches.
That's what happens.
The people dancing
are 1,000 times better than you.
You go back to LA if that's what you want.
Don't cry.
You cry today, you're finished.
We can't compete with that here.
Next.
What are we doing to our kids?
Chloe was awful today.
She cheats. She fakes it.
- You pick on the children!
- 'Cause you're an idiot!
Abby Lee Dance Company!
Get away from me.
Hi. I have a trespassing issue.
You're replaced. That's it.
Finished. Done.
See what happens to people?
You do all this for the kid--
--you get them to win
a national championship.
And then they
[BLEEP] all over you.